Reviewed the page for clarity

Added a depth-first and a breadth-first scenario about how to navigate the course material. Also added color-coded maps to illustrate

Further refinements of the map.

Rewrote the course page to make expectations and navigation thorugh the course explicit.

Added a borderwidth attribute table to give nodes that can be submitted for evaluation an outline.

More editing of layout, reconfiguring connections: general goal: remove long-range prerequisites (can some BIN/RPR u its be FND instead?) Are there units that should actually be FND? Are there FND units with internal prerequisites?

Atomized all PDF files

Added two Templates to make lecture-note PDF links from unit IDs (with default and alternative linked text) and create links to Student Wiki.

ToDo: After update to 1.26+, install NativeSVGhandler extension.
ToDo: use ID2SRC and SRC2ID consistently

Uploaded all components files at the current status.

Wrote code to login to the MW API and create/edit files

Added rubrics for insights.

Wrote code to add links and tooltips to the SVG file that cytoscape produces from the network. This SVG version can now be uploaded to the Wiki.

Wrote code to match label box to string-width

Wrote code to color label box according to unit type and/or status

Wrote code to change relationship links in component files from the information read from a SIF file which is produced by cytoscape after the relationships have been editied there.

Authored Journal unit, including template code for student journal and example
Authored Insights unit, including template code

Extensively revised the learning unit names and relationships, as well as the network layout using cytoscape

Wrote code to transform the components of a learning unit into a Wiki page

Populated Learning Unit components with names and relationships and default contents for all units previously defined from exisitng course material.

Wrote general template for learning units components

Defined Learning Units and first set of relationships (prerequisites) from existing course material.
